TODO.md, before:

# 📋 TODO List - Near & Now Flutter App

**Last Updated:** January 18, 2026
**Project Status:** Development Ready - Testing Phase

---

## 🎯 Current Sprint - Essential Tasks

### ✅ Recently Completed (Latest)

#### Compilation & Build Fixes

- [X] Fixed CardTheme compilation error in `app_theme.dart`
- [X] Fixed CachedNetworkImage padding parameter error in `home_screen.dart`
- [X] All compilation errors resolved
- [X] App builds successfully

#### API Key Security Implementation

- [X] Removed hardcoded API key from `places_service.dart`
- [X] Moved API key to `AppConfig` using `String.fromEnvironment()`
- [X] Created `run_with_api_key.bat` script for secure local development
- [X] Added API key protection to `.gitignore`
- [X] Created `SECURITY_GUIDE.md` documentation

#### Google Places API Fixes

- [X] Fixed `REQUEST_DENIED` error (API key restrictions)
- [X] Fixed `INVALID_REQUEST` error (changed types to 'geocode' only)
- [X] Google Places autocomplete working
- [X] Address search functionality operational

#### Location Priority System

- [X] Implemented manual vs GPS location priority
- [X] Manual address selection takes precedence over GPS
- [X] Location persistence via SharedPreferences
- [X] Location invalidation/refresh system working
- [X] Location widget updated to show correct address

---

## 🔥 High Priority - Do This Week

### 1. ~~API Key Configuration~~ ✅ COMPLETE

- [X] **Google Maps API Key - Fully Configured & Secured**

  - [X] Google Cloud project created
  - [X] Required APIs enabled (Places, Geocoding, Maps)
  - [X] API key generated and configured
  - [X] API key secured (moved to environment variables)
  - [X] API restrictions configured (Android app)
  - [X] Test location search functionality ✅ WORKING
  - [X] Address autocomplete working ✅ WORKING
  - [X] Verify billing alerts are set

  - ✅ **Status:** API key is configured and secured!
  - 📝 **Note:** Use `run_with_api_key.bat` to run the app
  - 🔒 **Security:** API key no longer hardcoded, uses `--dart-define`

### 2. Initial Testing & Debugging

- [X] **Run app on Samsung S928B (Android 16)** ✅ TESTED

  ```bash
  flutter run -d adb-RZCY60YV2DY-PVwcl0._adb-tls-connect._tcp
  ```

  - [X] App launches successfully
  - [X] All screens load correctly
  - [X] Navigation between screens works
  - [X] No critical runtime errors
  - [X] Location services working with real GPS
  - [X] Google Places search working

  - ⏱️ **Time Spent:** ~3 hours
  - 📝 **Device:** Samsung SM-S928B, Android 16 (real device testing)
- [X] **Test core user flows**

  - [X] Browse products on home screen ✅
  - [ ] Search for products
  - [ ] View product details
  - [ ] Add items to cart
  - [ ] View cart
  - [ ] Proceed to checkout
  - [ ] Place test order

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1 hour (50% complete)
- [ ] **Test authentication**

  - [ ] Phone number entry
  - [ ] OTP sending (verify Supabase config)
  - [ ] OTP verification
  - [ ] Session persistence
  - [ ] Logout functionality

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 30 minutes

### 3. Backend Verification

- [ ] **Verify Supabase database tables exist**

  - [ ] `products` table with required columns
  - [ ] `categories` table with image_url
  - [ ] `orders` table structure
  - [ ] `users` table structure
  - [ ] `addresses` table structure
  - [ ] Check Row Level Security (RLS) policies

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 45 minutes
- [ ] **Test data operations**

  - [ ] Fetch products successfully
  - [ ] Fetch categories with images
  - [ ] Create order
  - [ ] Update user profile
  - [ ] Save addresses

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1 hour

### 4. Location Services Testing

- [X] **Test GPS location detection** ✅ WORKING

  - [X] Real device GPS location (Samsung S928B)
  - [X] Request location permissions
  - [X] Verify address geocoding works
  - [X] Test location caching via SharedPreferences

  - ⏱️ **Time Spent:** 1 hour
  - ✅ **Result:** GPS detection working perfectly on real device
- [X] **Test location picker** ✅ WORKING

  - [X] Open location picker sheet
  - [X] Use current location button - working
  - [X] Search for addresses (Google Places API) - working
  - [X] Select from search results - working
  - [X] Verify location persistence - working
  - [X] Manual location takes priority over GPS ✅ IMPLEMENTED

  - ⏱️ **Time Spent:** 2 hours
  - ✅ **Result:** Location priority system working correctly
  - 📝 **Note:** Manual selection overrides GPS as intended

---

## 📱 Medium Priority - Next 2 Weeks

### 5. UI/UX Polish

- [ ] **Review and fix UI issues**

  - [ ] Check responsive design on different screen sizes
  - [ ] Verify image loading and caching
  - [ ] Test pull-to-refresh on all screens
  - [ ] Check loading states
  - [ ] Verify error messages are user-friendly
  - [ ] Test empty states

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 3 hours
- [ ] **Optimize animations**

  - [ ] Review page transitions
  - [ ] Check button animations
  - [ ] Verify product card animations
  - [ ] Test cart badge updates

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours

### 6. Real Device Testing

- [ ] **Test on physical Android device**

  ```bash
  flutter run -d <device-id>
  ```

  - [ ] Real GPS location
  - [ ] Camera (if product image upload exists)
  - [ ] Actual network conditions
  - [ ] Battery usage
  - [ ] Performance metrics

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours
- [ ] **Test on iOS device (if Mac available)**

  ```bash
  flutter run -d <ios-device-id>
  ```

  - [ ] iOS-specific UI elements
  - [ ] iOS location permissions
  - [ ] iOS-specific bugs

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours

### 7. Error Handling & Edge Cases

- [ ] **Test offline mode**

  - [ ] Disable internet
  - [ ] Verify cached data loads
  - [ ] Check error messages
  - [ ] Test offline cart persistence

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1 hour
- [ ] **Test error scenarios**

  - [ ] Invalid OTP entry
  - [ ] Network timeout
  - [ ] API errors
  - [ ] Empty search results
  - [ ] Out of stock products
  - [ ] Invalid addresses

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours

### 8. Performance Optimization

- [ ] **Measure and optimize**

  - [ ] Run Flutter DevTools profiler
  - [ ] Check for memory leaks
  - [ ] Optimize image loading
  - [ ] Review provider rebuilds
  - [ ] Check app startup time

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 3 hours

---

## 🚀 Low Priority - Before Launch

### 9. Payment Integration (If Needed)

- [ ] **Decide on payment gateway**

  - [ ] Razorpay (recommended for India)
  - [ ] Stripe
  - [ ] PayPal
  - [ ] Cash on Delivery only?
- [ ] **Implement payment flow** (if online payment needed)

  - [ ] Add payment gateway package
  - [ ] Create payment screen
  - [ ] Integrate payment API
  - [ ] Handle payment callbacks
  - [ ] Test payment flow
  - [ ] Add payment history

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 8-10 hours

### 10. App Store Preparation

- [ ] **Android (Google Play)**

  - [ ] Create app icon (1024x1024)
  - [ ] Create feature graphic (1024x500)
  - [ ] Add splash screen
  - [ ] Configure app signing
  - [ ] Generate release APK/AAB
  - [ ] Prepare store listing:
    - [ ] App description
    - [ ] Screenshots (4-8 required)
    - [ ] Privacy policy URL
    - [ ] Contact information

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours
- [ ] **iOS (App Store)** (If targeting iOS)

  - [ ] Create app icon set
  - [ ] Configure launch screen
  - [ ] Set up provisioning profile
  - [ ] Build archive
  - [ ] Prepare store listing:
    - [ ] App description
    - [ ] Screenshots for all device sizes
    - [ ] Privacy policy
    - [ ] Support URL

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 6-8 hours

### 11. Additional Features (Enhancement)

- [ ] **Push notifications**

  - [ ] Set up Firebase Cloud Messaging
  - [ ] Implement notification handling
  - [ ] Create notification types:
    - [ ] Order status updates
    - [ ] Promotional offers
    - [ ] New product alerts

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours
- [ ] **Analytics integration**

  - [ ] Add Firebase Analytics or Mixpanel
  - [ ] Track key events:
    - [ ] Product views
    - [ ] Add to cart
    - [ ] Checkout started
    - [ ] Order completed
    - [ ] Search queries

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2-3 hours
- [ ] **Crash reporting**

  - [ ] Set up Firebase Crashlytics or Sentry
  - [ ] Configure error tracking
  - [ ] Test crash reporting

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1-2 hours

### 12. Advanced Features (Future)

- [ ] **Order tracking**

  - [ ] Real-time order status
  - [ ] Delivery person tracking on map
  - [ ] ETA updates
  - [ ] Delivery notifications
- [ ] **Favorites/Wishlist**

  - [ ] Add to favorites button
  - [ ] Favorites screen
  - [ ] Sync with backend
- [ ] **Product reviews & ratings**

  - [ ] Review submission form
  - [ ] Display reviews on product page
  - [ ] Rating filter/sort
- [ ] **Offers & Coupons**

  - [ ] Coupon code entry
  - [ ] Apply discount logic
  - [ ] Display savings
  - [ ] Coupon list screen
- [ ] **Multi-language support**

  - [ ] Set up i18n
  - [ ] Translate strings
  - [ ] Language selector
- [ ] **Dark mode**

  - [ ] Create dark theme
  - [ ] Theme switcher
  - [ ] Persist theme preference

---

## 🐛 Known Issues to Fix

### Active Bugs

- [ ] *Currently testing - will update with any issues found*

### Recently Fixed Issues ✅

- [X] CardTheme type mismatch - Fixed by using CardThemeData
- [X] CachedNetworkImage padding error - Fixed by wrapping in Padding widget
- [X] Google Places API REQUEST_DENIED - Fixed by removing API restrictions
- [X] Google Places API INVALID_REQUEST - Fixed by changing types to 'geocode'
- [X] Manual location being overridden by GPS - Fixed with priority system
- [X] Exposed API key security issue - Fixed by moving to environment variables

### Technical Debt

- [ ] Add unit tests for core business logic
- [ ] Add widget tests for critical screens
- [ ] Add integration tests for user flows
- [ ] Document code with better comments
- [ ] Refactor large widgets into smaller components
- [ ] Extract magic numbers to constants

---

## 📊 Testing Checklist

### Functional Testing

- [ ] All screens accessible via navigation
- [ ] All buttons perform expected actions
- [ ] Forms validate correctly
- [ ] Data persists after app restart
- [ ] Authentication works end-to-end
- [ ] Cart operations work correctly
- [ ] Checkout flow completes successfully
- [ ] Orders display correctly
- [ ] Profile updates save
- [ ] Address management works
- [ ] Search returns relevant results
- [ ] Categories filter products correctly

### Non-Functional Testing

- [ ] App loads within 3 seconds
- [ ] Smooth scrolling (60 fps)
- [ ] Images load efficiently
- [ ] No memory leaks
- [ ] Battery consumption is reasonable
- [ ] Works on slow network (3G)
- [ ] Handles no network gracefully
- [ ] Secure data storage
- [ ] No sensitive data in logs

---

## 📝 Documentation Updates Needed

- [ ] Add screenshots to README.md
- [ ] Create user guide/FAQ
- [ ] Document API endpoints used
- [ ] Create developer onboarding guide
- [ ] Document deployment process
- [ ] Create release notes template

---

## ⚙️ Configuration Checklist

### Environment Setup

- [X] Flutter SDK installed
- [X] Dependencies installed (`flutter pub get`)
- [X] Google Maps API key configured ✅
- [X] Supabase credentials in `app_config.dart`
- [ ] Android SDK setup (if building for Android)
- [ ] Xcode setup (if building for iOS)

### Build Configuration

- [ ] App name finalized
- [ ] Package name/Bundle ID set
- [ ] Version number set
- [ ] Build number set
- [ ] Minimum SDK version verified
- [ ] Target SDK version verified
- [ ] Permissions reviewed and justified

---

## 🎯 Success Metrics

### Before Launch

- [ ] Zero crash rate in testing
- [ ] All critical user flows work
- [ ] App approved by test users
- [ ] Performance meets benchmarks
- [ ] Security review passed
- [ ] Legal compliance verified

### Post Launch

- [ ] Track daily active users
- [ ] Monitor crash-free rate (target: 99.5%)
- [ ] Track order completion rate
- [ ] Monitor app store ratings
- [ ] Measure average session time
- [ ] Track cart abandonment rate

---

## 🚦 Next Immediate Actions

**Start here:**

1. ~~**Configure Google Maps API Key**~~ ✅ Done & Secured!

2. ~~**Run the app**~~ ✅ Running on real device!

   ```bash
   # Use this command with API key:
   .\run_with_api_key.bat
   # Or:
   flutter run --dart-define=GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY=your_key -d device-id
   ```
3. **Test basic app flow** (1 hour)

   - [X] Launch app ✅
   - [X] Browse products ✅
   - [ ] Add to cart
   - [ ] View cart
4. **Verify backend connection** (30 min)

   - [ ] Check Supabase dashboard
   - [ ] Verify tables exist
   - [ ] Test authentication
5. **Fix any issues found** (varies)

---

## 📞 Resources & Documentation

- **Setup Guides:**

  - `START_HERE.md` - Getting started
  - `API_KEY_SETUP.md` - Google Maps setup
  - `EMULATOR_LOCATION_SETUP.md` - Location testing
- **Technical Docs:**

  - `README.md` - Project overview
  - `FEATURES_IMPLEMENTATION.md` - Feature details
  - `PROJECT_STATUS.md` - Current status
- **Recent Changes:**

  - `RECENT_UPDATES.md` - Latest updates
  - `GOOGLE_PLACES_INTEGRATION.md` - Places API details

---

**Total Estimated Time to Launch:**

- Essential tasks: ~10-15 hours
- Pre-launch polish: ~20-30 hours
- App store submission: ~10-15 hours
- **TOTAL: 40-60 hours**

---

**Status Legend:**

- ✅ Done
- 🔥 High Priority
- 📱 Medium Priority
- 🚀 Low Priority
- ⏱️ Estimated Time
- 📝 Note/Reference

---

*Keep this file updated as you complete tasks!*

Commit message:

Implement product display and recommendations features. Added product randomization on app open, smart recommendations in checkout based on cart categories, and fixed navigation for the "See All" button. Updated relevant documentation and improved user experience with varied product suggestions.

TODO.md, after:

# 📋 TODO List - Near & Now Flutter App

**Last Updated:** January 18, 2026
**Project Status:** Development Ready - Testing Phase

---

## 🎯 Current Sprint - Essential Tasks

### ✅ Recently Completed (Latest)

#### Compilation & Build Fixes

- [X] Fixed CardTheme compilation error in `app_theme.dart`
- [X] Fixed CachedNetworkImage padding parameter error in `home_screen.dart`
- [X] All compilation errors resolved
- [X] App builds successfully

#### API Key Security Implementation

- [X] Removed hardcoded API key from `places_service.dart`
- [X] Moved API key to `AppConfig` using `String.fromEnvironment()`
- [X] Created `run_with_api_key.bat` script for secure local development
- [X] Added API key protection to `.gitignore`
- [X] Created `SECURITY_GUIDE.md` documentation

#### Google Places API Fixes

- [X] Fixed `REQUEST_DENIED` error (API key restrictions)
- [X] Fixed `INVALID_REQUEST` error (changed types to 'geocode' only)
- [X] Google Places autocomplete working
- [X] Address search functionality operational

#### Location Priority System

- [X] Implemented manual vs GPS location priority
- [X] Manual address selection takes precedence over GPS
- [X] Location persistence via SharedPreferences
- [X] Location invalidation/refresh system working
- [X] Location widget updated to show correct address

#### Product Display & Recommendations ✅ NEW

- [X] Implemented product randomization on app open/login
- [X] Products display in different order each session
- [X] Created related products provider for checkout
- [X] Checkout recommendations based on cart categories
- [X] Filters out items already in cart from recommendations
- [X] Fixed "See All" button to navigate to Categories tab

---

## 🔥 High Priority - Do This Week

### 1. ~~API Key Configuration~~ ✅ COMPLETE

- [X] **Google Maps API Key - Fully Configured & Secured**

  - [X] Google Cloud project created
  - [X] Required APIs enabled (Places, Geocoding, Maps)
  - [X] API key generated and configured
  - [X] API key secured (moved to environment variables)
  - [X] API restrictions configured (Android app)
  - [X] Test location search functionality ✅ WORKING
  - [X] Address autocomplete working ✅ WORKING
  - [X] Verify billing alerts are set

  - ✅ **Status:** API key is configured and secured!
  - 📝 **Note:** Use `run_with_api_key.bat` to run the app
  - 🔒 **Security:** API key no longer hardcoded, uses `--dart-define`

### 2. Initial Testing & Debugging

- [X] **Run app on Samsung S928B (Android 16)** ✅ TESTED

  ```bash
  flutter run -d adb-RZCY60YV2DY-PVwcl0._adb-tls-connect._tcp
  ```

  - [X] App launches successfully
  - [X] All screens load correctly
  - [X] Navigation between screens works
  - [X] No critical runtime errors
  - [X] Location services working with real GPS
  - [X] Google Places search working

  - ⏱️ **Time Spent:** ~3 hours
  - 📝 **Device:** Samsung SM-S928B, Android 16 (real device testing)
- [X] **Test core user flows**

  - [X] Browse products on home screen ✅
  - [ ] Search for products
  - [ ] View product details
  - [ ] Add items to cart
  - [ ] View cart
  - [ ] Proceed to checkout
  - [ ] Place test order

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1 hour (50% complete)
- [ ] **Test authentication**

  - [ ] Phone number entry
  - [ ] OTP sending (verify Supabase config)
  - [ ] OTP verification
  - [ ] Session persistence
  - [ ] Logout functionality

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 30 minutes

### 3. Backend Verification

- [ ] **Verify Supabase database tables exist**

  - [ ] `products` table with required columns
  - [ ] `categories` table with image_url
  - [ ] `orders` table structure
  - [ ] `users` table structure
  - [ ] `addresses` table structure
  - [ ] Check Row Level Security (RLS) policies

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 45 minutes
- [ ] **Test data operations**

  - [ ] Fetch products successfully
  - [ ] Fetch categories with images
  - [ ] Create order
  - [ ] Update user profile
  - [ ] Save addresses

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1 hour

### 4. Location Services Testing

- [X] **Test GPS location detection** ✅ WORKING

  - [X] Real device GPS location (Samsung S928B)
  - [X] Request location permissions
  - [X] Verify address geocoding works
  - [X] Test location caching via SharedPreferences

  - ⏱️ **Time Spent:** 1 hour
  - ✅ **Result:** GPS detection working perfectly on real device
- [X] **Test location picker** ✅ WORKING

  - [X] Open location picker sheet
  - [X] Use current location button - working
  - [X] Search for addresses (Google Places API) - working
  - [X] Select from search results - working
  - [X] Verify location persistence - working
  - [X] Manual location takes priority over GPS ✅ IMPLEMENTED

  - ⏱️ **Time Spent:** 2 hours
  - ✅ **Result:** Location priority system working correctly
  - 📝 **Note:** Manual selection overrides GPS as intended

---

## 📱 Medium Priority - Next 2 Weeks

### 5. UI/UX Polish

- [ ] **Review and fix UI issues**

  - [ ] Check responsive design on different screen sizes
  - [ ] Verify image loading and caching
  - [ ] Test pull-to-refresh on all screens
  - [ ] Check loading states
  - [ ] Verify error messages are user-friendly
  - [ ] Test empty states

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 3 hours
- [ ] **Optimize animations**

  - [ ] Review page transitions
  - [ ] Check button animations
  - [ ] Verify product card animations
  - [ ] Test cart badge updates

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours

### 6. Real Device Testing

- [ ] **Test on physical Android device**

  ```bash
  flutter run -d <device-id>
  ```

  - [ ] Real GPS location
  - [ ] Camera (if product image upload exists)
  - [ ] Actual network conditions
  - [ ] Battery usage
  - [ ] Performance metrics

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours
- [ ] **Test on iOS device (if Mac available)**

  ```bash
  flutter run -d <ios-device-id>
  ```

  - [ ] iOS-specific UI elements
  - [ ] iOS location permissions
  - [ ] iOS-specific bugs

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours

### 7. Error Handling & Edge Cases

- [ ] **Test offline mode**

  - [ ] Disable internet
  - [ ] Verify cached data loads
  - [ ] Check error messages
  - [ ] Test offline cart persistence

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1 hour
- [ ] **Test error scenarios**

  - [ ] Invalid OTP entry
  - [ ] Network timeout
  - [ ] API errors
  - [ ] Empty search results
  - [ ] Out of stock products
  - [ ] Invalid addresses

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2 hours

### 8. Performance Optimization

- [ ] **Measure and optimize**

  - [ ] Run Flutter DevTools profiler
  - [ ] Check for memory leaks
  - [ ] Optimize image loading
  - [ ] Review provider rebuilds
  - [ ] Check app startup time

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 3 hours

---

## 🚀 Low Priority - Before Launch

### 9. Payment Integration (If Needed)

- [ ] **Decide on payment gateway**

  - [ ] Razorpay (recommended for India)
  - [ ] Stripe
  - [ ] PayPal
  - [ ] Cash on Delivery only?
- [ ] **Implement payment flow** (if online payment needed)

  - [ ] Add payment gateway package
  - [ ] Create payment screen
  - [ ] Integrate payment API
  - [ ] Handle payment callbacks
  - [ ] Test payment flow
  - [ ] Add payment history

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 8-10 hours

### 10. App Store Preparation

- [ ] **Android (Google Play)**

  - [ ] Create app icon (1024x1024)
  - [ ] Create feature graphic (1024x500)
  - [ ] Add splash screen
  - [ ] Configure app signing
  - [ ] Generate release APK/AAB
  - [ ] Prepare store listing:
    - [ ] App description
    - [ ] Screenshots (4-8 required)
    - [ ] Privacy policy URL
    - [ ] Contact information

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours
- [ ] **iOS (App Store)** (If targeting iOS)

  - [ ] Create app icon set
  - [ ] Configure launch screen
  - [ ] Set up provisioning profile
  - [ ] Build archive
  - [ ] Prepare store listing:
    - [ ] App description
    - [ ] Screenshots for all device sizes
    - [ ] Privacy policy
    - [ ] Support URL

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 6-8 hours

### 11. Additional Features (Enhancement)

- [ ] **Push notifications**

  - [ ] Set up Firebase Cloud Messaging
  - [ ] Implement notification handling
  - [ ] Create notification types:
    - [ ] Order status updates
    - [ ] Promotional offers
    - [ ] New product alerts

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours
- [ ] **Analytics integration**

  - [ ] Add Firebase Analytics or Mixpanel
  - [ ] Track key events:
    - [ ] Product views
    - [ ] Add to cart
    - [ ] Checkout started
    - [ ] Order completed
    - [ ] Search queries

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 2-3 hours
- [ ] **Crash reporting**

  - [ ] Set up Firebase Crashlytics or Sentry
  - [ ] Configure error tracking
  - [ ] Test crash reporting

  - ⏱️ **Estimated Time:** 1-2 hours

### 12. Advanced Features (Future)

- [ ] **Order tracking**

  - [ ] Real-time order status
  - [ ] Delivery person tracking on map
  - [ ] ETA updates
  - [ ] Delivery notifications
- [ ] **Favorites/Wishlist**

  - [ ] Add to favorites button
  - [ ] Favorites screen
  - [ ] Sync with backend
- [ ] **Product reviews & ratings**

  - [ ] Review submission form
  - [ ] Display reviews on product page
  - [ ] Rating filter/sort
- [ ] **Offers & Coupons**

  - [ ] Coupon code entry
  - [ ] Apply discount logic
  - [ ] Display savings
  - [ ] Coupon list screen
- [ ] **Multi-language support**

  - [ ] Set up i18n
  - [ ] Translate strings
  - [ ] Language selector
- [ ] **Dark mode**

  - [ ] Create dark theme
  - [ ] Theme switcher
  - [ ] Persist theme preference

---

## 🐛 Known Issues to Fix

### Active Bugs

- [ ] *Currently testing - will update with any issues found*

### Recently Fixed Issues ✅

- [X] CardTheme type mismatch - Fixed by using CardThemeData
- [X] CachedNetworkImage padding error - Fixed by wrapping in Padding widget
- [X] Google Places API REQUEST_DENIED - Fixed by removing API restrictions
- [X] Google Places API INVALID_REQUEST - Fixed by changing types to 'geocode'
- [X] Manual location being overridden by GPS - Fixed with priority system
- [X] Exposed API key security issue - Fixed by moving to environment variables

### Technical Debt

- [ ] Add unit tests for core business logic
- [ ] Add widget tests for critical screens
- [ ] Add integration tests for user flows
- [ ] Document code with better comments
- [ ] Refactor large widgets into smaller components
- [ ] Extract magic numbers to constants

---

## 📊 Testing Checklist

### Functional Testing

- [ ] All screens accessible via navigation
- [ ] All buttons perform expected actions
- [ ] Forms validate correctly
- [ ] Data persists after app restart
- [ ] Authentication works end-to-end
- [ ] Cart operations work correctly
- [ ] Checkout flow completes successfully
- [ ] Orders display correctly
- [ ] Profile updates save
- [ ] Address management works
- [ ] Search returns relevant results
- [ ] Categories filter products correctly

### Non-Functional Testing

- [ ] App loads within 3 seconds
- [ ] Smooth scrolling (60 fps)
- [ ] Images load efficiently
- [ ] No memory leaks
- [ ] Battery consumption is reasonable
- [ ] Works on slow network (3G)
- [ ] Handles no network gracefully
- [ ] Secure data storage
- [ ] No sensitive data in logs

---

## 📝 Documentation Updates Needed

- [ ] Add screenshots to README.md
- [ ] Create user guide/FAQ
- [ ] Document API endpoints used
- [ ] Create developer onboarding guide
- [ ] Document deployment process
- [ ] Create release notes template

---

## ⚙️ Configuration Checklist

### Environment Setup

- [X] Flutter SDK installed
- [X] Dependencies installed (`flutter pub get`)
- [X] Google Maps API key configured ✅
- [X] Supabase credentials in `app_config.dart`
- [ ] Android SDK setup (if building for Android)
- [ ] Xcode setup (if building for iOS)

### Build Configuration

- [ ] App name finalized
- [ ] Package name/Bundle ID set
- [ ] Version number set
- [ ] Build number set
- [ ] Minimum SDK version verified
- [ ] Target SDK version verified
- [ ] Permissions reviewed and justified

---

## 🎯 Success Metrics

### Before Launch

- [ ] Zero crash rate in testing
- [ ] All critical user flows work
- [ ] App approved by test users
- [ ] Performance meets benchmarks
- [ ] Security review passed
- [ ] Legal compliance verified

### Post Launch

- [ ] Track daily active users
- [ ] Monitor crash-free rate (target: 99.5%)
- [ ] Track order completion rate
- [ ] Monitor app store ratings
- [ ] Measure average session time
- [ ] Track cart abandonment rate

---

## 🚦 Next Immediate Actions

**Start here:**

1. ~~**Configure Google Maps API Key**~~ ✅ Done & Secured!

2. ~~**Run the app**~~ ✅ Running on real device!

   ```bash
   # Use this command with API key:
   .\run_with_api_key.bat
   # Or:
   flutter run --dart-define=GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY=your_key -d device-id
   ```
3. **Test basic app flow** (1 hour)

   - [X] Launch app ✅
   - [X] Browse products ✅
   - [ ] Add to cart
   - [ ] View cart
4. **Verify backend connection** (30 min)

   - [ ] Check Supabase dashboard
   - [ ] Verify tables exist
   - [ ] Test authentication
5. **Fix any issues found** (varies)

---

## 📞 Resources & Documentation

- **Setup Guides:**

  - `START_HERE.md` - Getting started
  - `API_KEY_SETUP.md` - Google Maps setup
  - `EMULATOR_LOCATION_SETUP.md` - Location testing
- **Technical Docs:**

  - `README.md` - Project overview
  - `FEATURES_IMPLEMENTATION.md` - Feature details
  - `PROJECT_STATUS.md` - Current status
- **Recent Changes:**

  - `RECENT_UPDATES.md` - Latest updates
  - `GOOGLE_PLACES_INTEGRATION.md` - Places API details

---

**Total Estimated Time to Launch:**

- Essential tasks: ~10-15 hours
- Pre-launch polish: ~20-30 hours
- App store submission: ~10-15 hours
- **TOTAL: 40-60 hours**

---

**Status Legend:**

- ✅ Done
- 🔥 High Priority
- 📱 Medium Priority
- 🚀 Low Priority
- ⏱️ Estimated Time
- 📝 Note/Reference

---

*Keep this file updated as you complete tasks!*
